microprofile-health-81 Ability to execute only some health checks (#221)
eclipse/microprofile-health: spec/src/main/asciidoc/java-api.adoc

The `@Liveness` annotation must be applied on a `HealthCheck` implementation to define a Liveness check procedure, otherwise, this annotation is ignored.

=== Custom check

A new kind of Health Check can be defined with the `@HealthGroup` annotation.

One or more Health Check procedure(s) can be annotated with `@HealthGroup` to apply a custom group name to the procedure.

> All the Health Check procedures belonging to the same group defined a new kind of Health Check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the Health Check procedures belonging to the same group define a new kind of Health Check.
```

The `@HealthGroup` annotation must be applied on a `HealthCheck` implementation to define a custom check procedure with the given name, otherwise, this annotation is ignored.

> An `HealthCheck` implementation can have multiple `@HealthGroup` annotation to make it member of multiple custom Health Check's group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `HealthCheck` implementation can have multiple `@HealthGroup` annotations to make it a member of multiple custom Health Check's groups.
```
